So we spent quite some time on managing all that user I.D. stuff and it can look very complicated to
do it like this huge advantage simply is that you now have a very dynamic system where anywhere in your
application you can subscribe to your user I.D. to always get the latest user I.D. and the same for
the general information whether a user is authenticated or not which is the more important thing for
us if we have a look at our off guard we're already using that user is authenticated observable here
or not.
We're actually not using it.
We're reaching out to user is authenticate it and I'm using it like we're a boolean but it is no boolean
anymore.
Instead there's not all the returns and observable hence we should adjust our guard as well here.
I do return users authenticated which is fine because you may return an observable that yields a boolean
which is just what user is authenticated does.
But if I want to redirect here well then I can just add a pipe method call here at the Take one operator.
That's important.
So import that from our exchange as operators because you don't want to set up an ongoing subscription
that leads to strange redirection later when your app runs.
Instead you want to check the off state at the time.
This guard runs and then they're after all at the tap operator imported from our exchange as operators
as well.
And that tap operator there.
I want to redirect if we're not authenticated.
So here all get is authenticated or whatever you want to name it.
And then here I add my f check and check if we're not authenticated.
Dan I want to navigate by you are L and I'll still let this observable do its job thereafter because
we can load method automatically subscribes to it and finds out whoever we are offending had or not.
So if I save this the result would actually be that if this reloads and I manually try to access slash
play says taps offers I get redirected to off because our observable excuse me our guard using that
observable now still does its job if I do try to log in here we get redirected though and we are allowed
to access this page because now I am authenticated.
And now let's all quickly try adding a new place.
Does this work.
It should let's pick an availability date set a prize select a location on the map let's say let's try
it taking an image we'll actually use to match picture here chose Munich and I'll try adding this
and this looks quite good.
Let's check it on firebase to be sure that our user I.D. really was added there.
And this looks like our user I.D..
Now if I go to the Discover page indeed now under book places I don't find that place but the two places
which have that dummy I.D. which I hardcoded before.
Therefore if I now visit this and I book that on some random date Max shoe arts and a click book here
booking also seems to work.
Let's check our bookings.
I'm not sure if it work to conceive their under bookings it's there though but I'm probably trying to
extract my bookings incorrectly on that bookings page so let's quickly go to the bookings page here
and let us see what's wrong with how we fetch our bookings yeah in fetch bookings and a booking service.
I'm still using the user I.D. incorrectly.
Are of course is also dead observable so user I.D. here should be merged with that observable chain
down there.
So again at my pipe method and then switch map and here I get my user I.D. and I want to return this
HDP request here where I need or where I use that user I.D. I'm now getting from my user I.D. observable
Of course if that should not be set for whatever reason then I'll do the same I did before and throw
a new error user not found otherwise I returned as get request and now ask before I merge my obvious
steps in the pipe method I had before into this no and therefore this should not work if I now safeties
and we wait for his app to reload we already see one annoying thing I always have to log in again we'll
change this soon if I now log in though and I go to my bookings
I should also return the observable here in fetch bookings of course.
So let's fix this that you return this new observable chain.
And now if I try logging in again
now it is looks way better but now cancel this all looks good.
All that was deleted on firebase.
So this is all looking good and seems to work.
The big issue we have is that whenever we reload the app we lose our state and we start on the log in
page again.
Now we should use some on the vice storage or in browser storage in case we're running on a normal desktop
P.C..
So did we persist that token.